Documente le monitoring Updown.io (#4110)
etalab/transport-site: README.md

The corresponding SSL certificates are auto-generated via Let's Encrypt and CleverCloud.

# Uptime monitoring (updown.io)

> The following URLs are currently monitored via updown.io (with email & slack alerts) at various frequencyes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following URLs are currently monitored via updown.io (with email & Mattermost alerts) at various frequencies
```

Author: Arr, bien vu merci !
